LEVEL1

Crafting any weapon:
All weapons in rogue craft are composed of a 'handle' and a 'blade.'
The player must craft a handle and blade of their choosing and combine them to create a weapon.
Both the handle and blade are crafted following the crafting a weapon component use case.
The blade and handle may be crafted into the finished weapon following the crafting an item use case.
The tier of ore used to craft the blade and handle will determine the quality of the weapon, where the stats of the finished weapon are the combined stats of the blade and handle.

Crafting any ‘handle’
Handles are made of three ores and a base component.
All handles come in three varieties: alloy, regular, and great.
Handles require the respective ore to create.
Handles and their base component consist of:
bow (empty)		-- fibrous roots
toolbox (empty)		-- viscous oil
staff handle		-- magical essence
sword handle		-- shagreen leather
In order to craft a particular handle of a particular tier of ore, the user must first have unlocked crafting that type of handle at that tier.
By crafting a handle of a particular type, the player unlocks the ability to craft another handle of that type using the next tier ore.

Crafting any ‘blade’
Blades are made of five ores and a base component.
All blades come in three varieties: hardened, crafted, and lightened.
Blades require the respective ore to create. 'Crafted' blades require regular ore.
Blades and their base component consist of:
arrows	-- wooden scraps
spare parts	-- ancient currency
staff powerstone	-- black crystal
sword blade	-- sharpening stone
In order to craft a particular handle of a particular tier of ore, the user must first have unlocked crafting that type of handle at that tier.
By crafting a handle of a particular type, the player unlocks the ability to craft another handle of that type using the next tier ore.

Creating your first sword
To create a bone sword the player must first craft a sword blade and a sword handle

Crafting a bone sword handle:	
There are three types of bone sword handles that can be created: alloy, regular and great. Each requires 3 bones and 1 shagreen leather.
bone alloy sword handle
low attack damage and high attack speed.
requires lightened bones.
bone sword handle
balanced attack speed and damage.
requires regular bones.	
bone great sword handle
high attack damage and low attack speed.
requires hardened bones.				
The player follows the crafting an item use case to combine the components into a sword handle. 
By crafting a particular type of bone sword handle, the player unlocks the ability to craft a bronze version of that sword handle.

Crafting a bone sword blade:
There are three types of bone sword blade that can be created: lightened, crafted and hardened. Each requires 3 bones and 1 shagreen leather.
lightened bone sword blade
low attack damage and high attack speed.
requires lightened bones.
crafted bone sword blade
balanced attack speed and damage.
requires regular bones.	
hardened bone sword blade
high attack damage and low attack speed.
requires hardened bones.				
The player follows the crafting an item use case to combine the components into a sword blade. 
By crafting a particular type of bone sword blade, the player unlocks the ability to craft a bronze version of that sword blade.

Combining the bone sword blade and handle:
Once the player has crafted the handle and blade, they can combine them following the crafting an item use case to create the final weapon.
If the player built a lightened blade and a great sword handle, their final weapon would be a Lightened Bone Great Sword.

Creating a helmet
Helmets come in three varieties: hardened, crafted, and lightened. 
Crafting a helmet requires four (4) of the respective ore and some cloth padding.
To create a helmet the player will combine the ore and padding via the crafting an item use case
lightened helmet
higher speed and less armor
crafted helmet
balanced speed/armor
hardened helmet
higher armor and less speed	
In order to craft a particular helmet with a particular tier of ore, the player must have first unlocked it by crafting a helmet of that type of the tier below.

Creating a cuirass
Cuirasses come in three varieties: hardened, crafted, and lightened. 
Crafting a cuirass requires six (6) of the respective ore and some solder
To create a cuirass the player will combine the ore and padding via the crafting an item use case
lightened cuirass 
higher speed and less armor
crafted cuirass 
balanced speed/armor
hardened cuirass 
higher armor and less speed	
In order to craft a particular cuirass with a particular tier of ore, the player must have first unlocked it by crafting a cuirass of that type of the tier below.

Creating boots
boots come in three varieties: hardened, crafted, and lightened. 
Crafting boots requires three (3) of the respective ore and some leather strips.
To create boots the player will combine the ore and padding via the crafting an item use case
lightened boots 
higher speed and less armor
crafted boots 
balanced speed/armor
hardened boots 
higher armor and less speed	
In order to craft particular boots with a particular tier of ore, the player must have first unlocked it by crafting boots of that type of the tier below.

Crafting a sword
To craft a sword the player must craft a sword handle and a sword blade following the crafting an item use case.
The player may then combine the two items following the crafting an item use case to create the finished sword.

Crafting a staff
To craft a sword the player must craft a staff handle and a powerstone following the crafting an item use case.
The player may then combine the two items following the crafting an item use case to create the finished staff.

Crafting a bow
To craft a sword the player must craft a bow handle and arrows following the crafting an item use case.
The player may then combine the two items following the crafting an item use case to create the finished bow.

Crafting a toolbox
To craft a sword the player must craft an empty toolbox and spare parts following the crafting an item use case.
The player may then combine the two items following the crafting an item use case to create the finished toolbox.

Crafting a staff handle
Crafting a staff handle requires three ores and the staff handle base component: magical essence.
The player can create an alloy, regular, or a great staff handle; crafting a type of handle requires the respective ore type. The alloy allows faster, lower damage attacks, the regular is balanced, and the great version allows higher damage attacks at lower speed.
The player can find magical essence and ores throughout the dungeon, then follow the crafting an item use case to create a staff handle.
In order to craft a staff handle of a particular tier, the player must have unlocked it by crafting that type of staff handle in the previous tier.

Crafting a powerstone
Crafting a powerstone requires five ores and the powerstone base component: black crystal.
The player can create a lightened, crafted, or a hardened powerstone; crafting a type of handle requires the respective ore type. The lightened allows faster, lower damage attacks, the crafted is balanced, and the hardened version allows higher damage attacks at lower speed.
The player can find black crystal and ores throughout the dungeon, then follow the crafting an item use case to create a powerstone.
In order to craft a staff handle of a particular tier, the player must have unlocked it by crafting that type of staff handle in the previous tier.

Fighting with a staff
Player chooses to build a staff at the beginning of game.
Player now has basic ranged attacks that do low damage
Player also can activate a special ability every X seconds.
Magic Blast: Does high damage to area

Fighting with a sword
Player chooses to build a sword at the beginning of game.
Player now has basic melee attacks that do medium damage
Player also can activate a special ability every X seconds.
Eviscerate: Massive damage to single target, kills most enemies

Fighting with a bow
Player chooses to build a bow at the beginning of game.
Player now has basic ranged attacks that do medium damage
Player also can activate a special ability every X seconds.
Blink: Teleport fifteen feet forwards

Fighting with a toolbox
Player chooses to build a toolbox at the beginning of game.
Player now has basic ranged attacks with low damage and brief stun
Player also can activate a special ability every X seconds.
Turret: High damage turret with very low health spawns for a few seconds
Turret shoots nearby enemies



Ability/Weapon/Class enumeration:
	
	weapon		class				power attack		ranged/melee		NOTES:
	SWORD:		Fighter class. 		EVISCERATE			melee				eviscerate almost kills most enemies. (single target.)
	BOW:		Archer class. 		BLINK				ranged				blink allows player to teleport forwards a several feet
	STAFF:		Mage class. 		DISCHARGE			ranged				discharge electrocutes several nearby enemies stunning them briefly and doing medium damage
	TOOLBOX:	Engineer class. 	TURRETS!!			melee				turrets do relatively high damage, very weak. engineer has slow base attack that briefly stuns


Item Enumeration and naming convention:

BASE ORES:
Bones
Copper Ore
Iron Ore
Steel Chunks
Mithril Ore
Dragon Scales
Ethereal Ore


BASE WEAPON PARTS:
shagreen 					SWORD HANDLE
sharpening stone			SWORD BLADE
magical essence				STAFF HANDLE
black gem					STAFF TOPPER
fibrous roots				BOW HANDLE
wood scraps					BOW ARROWS
viscous oil					TOOLBOX BOX
draconi currency			TOOLBOX PARTS

BASE ARMOR PARTS:
padding			helmet
solder			armor
leather strip	boots

The NAMING CONVENTION is as follows:

name1:		name2:		metal:
lightened	alloy		bone
crafted					copper
hardened	great		iron
						steel
						mithril
						dragon scale
						ethereal


WEAPONS:
<name1> <blade metal> <name2> <sword/bow/axe/toolbox>

WEAPON PARTS:
<metal> <name2> sword handle	
<name1> <metal> sword blade		
<metal> <name2> staff handle	
<name1> <metal> powerstone
<metal> <name2> toolbox (empty)
<name1> <metal>	spare parts
<metal> <name2> bow (empty)
<name1> <metal>	arrows

ARMOR TYPES:
<name1> <metal>	helm
<name1> <metal>	boots
<name1> <metal>	curaiss

ORES:
lightened <ore>
<ore>             <--(normal ore has no special name)
hardened <ore>



LEVEL2




BASE UPGRADE PARTS:
adhesive goo			ARMOR			-- found in dungeon randomly
magic charm				DAMAGE			-- drops from monster
flesh scraps			HEALTH			-- drops from monster
mercury					ATTACK SPEED	-- found in dungeon randomly


UPGRADE CATEGORIES:

	Health			in 7 tiers, copper->ethereal
	Damage			
	Atk Speed			
	Armour		

